remove MyMonero wallet (#2282)
monero-project/monero-site: _i18n/en/resources/moneropedia/mnemonicseed.md

### The Basics

> A 16 or 25 word phrase used to backup a Monero account, available in a number of languages. This 25-word phrase (16 words in the case of Feather wallet) has all the information needed to view and spend funds from a Monero @account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 16 or 25 word phrase used to backup and restore a Monero wallet, available in a number of languages. This has all the information needed to view and spend funds from a Monero @account.
```

the mymonero seed was specific to mymonero, but 16 word support is available in most wallets outside of core

maybe add a note about restore height ?
